1338035369
AddAdminTitleToPages	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/db/migrate/20120519002059_add_admin_title_to_pages.rb	class AddAdminTitleToPages 
Application	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
ChangeColumnNameFromImageProducts	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/db/migrate/20120525022624_change_column_name_from_image_products.rb	class ChangeColumnNameFromImageProducts 
ChangeColumnNameFromTypeInProducts	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/db/migrate/20120519042440_change_column_name_from_type_in_products.rb	class ChangeColumnNameFromTypeInProducts 
CreatePages	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/db/migrate/20120518111929_create_pages.rb	class CreatePages 
CreateProducts	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/db/migrate/20120518112110_create_products.rb	class CreateProducts 
CreateStaffs	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/db/migrate/20120518112242_create_staffs.rb	class CreateStaffs 
CubaStreet	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/config/application.rb	module CubaStreet
Page	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/models/page.rb	class Page 
PagesController	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	class PagesController 
Product	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/models/product.rb	class Product 
ProductsController	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	class ProductsController 
Staff	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/models/staff.rb	class Staff 
StaffsController	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/staffs_controller.rb	class StaffsController 
TestCase	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
Upload	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/models/upload.rb	class Upload 
UploadController	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/upload_controller.rb	class UploadController 
animate	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/assets/javascripts/back_end.js	function animate(lastTick, timeLeft, closingId, openingId)
change	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/db/migrate/20120518111929_create_pages.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/db/migrate/20120518112110_create_products.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/db/migrate/20120518112242_create_staffs.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/db/migrate/20120519002059_add_admin_title_to_pages.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/db/migrate/20120519042440_change_column_name_from_type_in_products.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/db/migrate/20120525022624_change_column_name_from_image_products.rb	  def change
create	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/staffs_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/upload_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/staffs_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/staffs_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def edit
index	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/staffs_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def index
new	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/staffs_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/upload_controller.rb	  def new
runAccordion	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/assets/javascripts/back_end.js	function runAccordion(index)
show	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def show
showprod	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def showprod
showstaff	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/staffs_controller.rb	  def showstaff
specdown	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def specdown
specup	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def specup
test	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def test
test_homepage	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
up	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/assets/javascripts/back_end.js	function up()
update	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/staffs_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def update
uploadprod	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def uploadprod
ups	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/assets/javascripts/back_end.js	function ups()
vertAlign	C:/Sites/rails_projects/CubaStreet/app/assets/javascripts/front_end.js	function vertAlign(pImg)
